{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green133\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c11373\c52157\c9804;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab866
\pard\tx866\pardeftab866\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0     \
    \cf2 //TODO:- LIST\
\
	// Fix git user.name issue - going to wrong name/email\
	// Eliminate home button, instead use ? icon to link to tutorial\
	// Fix: Black animation in backgrounds of blurred buttons\
	// Fix: When start new list in the middle of a jumble, the letters get stuck out of position (esp. if jumbling 3 or more times in a row\
	// Add explanation of color coding in tutorial\
	// Color code level text in graph stats view\
	// Ministats view (above, when there's room), shows sub level progress\
	// Separate layout for iPad -- till then, make sure iPhone X adjustments aren't affecting iPadl\
	// Explanation of scoring/dictionaries/learning/ai/levels\
	// Determine status text color: original yellow is HSB 52/96/100 or RGB 255/222/10\
	// Take a screenshot when leaving app, so it can be shown when returning (to correct former state)\
	// Add a (model) file for saving state data, e.g. fillingInBlanks: Bool, maybe save whether in tutorial or open in the game etc, or in graphs view, etc. Add to Core Data model? - DONE\
	// Update layout to include iPhone X\
\cf0     \cf2 // Settle on conventions for outlines per level, e.g; single line, then double line, then double line with inner color (making a tripled line), then thicker line. Make the graph level bars match the word cells in this regard. Make new graphics as needed. The inner colored tripling line should probably be a separate image overlaid, so that its color can be adjusted in code to be a color code level a fix amount from the main color\
\cf0     \cf2 // Consider fixing the options so that the gradient can still be adjusted by user, but maybe not rotated vertical slider bars. Is there a custom slider bar with 4 sliders that can be adopted? \
\cf0     \cf2 // Consider removing the gradient adjust options altogether, and wait til 1.1 to add back in.\
\cf0     \cf2 // size classes for iPad\
\cf0     \cf2 // colors really should be moved up by 1 -- yellow is 1 time found(not 0), etc\
\cf0     \cf2 // In order to match the level bars they'll be added to\
\cf0     \cf2 // Because 0 words would never show up in the word list.\
\cf0     \cf2 // So the 0 graph bar should be some other color. Gray? or unplayed gray? and\
\cf0     \cf2 // 0 could be red(ish)? Or unplayed and 0 both gray???\
\cf0     \cf2 // except that::: 0 words *do* show up in the word list, they just haven't been counted yet. So it's a conundrum. Show the what the color *should* be, or what it actually is, since words shown in list have not been counted yet.\
\cf0     \cf2 // Conclusion: move the color in the bars up by 1: that way they match the color shown in the word list. Even though it's not technically correct, and it means that the colorcode of the bars will be 1 off from the colorcode of the words. -Done -- but still not right -- or maybe it is. When we take words out of the lowest level, we don't see that color, because we've just found them again, so they're added to the next level. In other words, we might take 2 off of yellow, but when we find them, they are moving up one from yellow to magenta. So we see magenta, not their old color of yellow.\
\
	// Possibly -- in Progress view, tap anywhere (but not on level tables or leaderboard button) to dismiss controller\
\cf0     \cf2 // incorporate Alamofire possibly - installed, but not being used yet\
\cf0     \cf2 // add properties to GameData or Game object, that allow for different types of games. For instance, what letters you're searching for (e.g., X, J, Q, and Z words). How many letters (e.g. 2 letters, 3 letters, 7 letters, any size, 8 letter words, 9 letter words), what orientation (e.g., 2 or 3 letters are in portrait, 7, 8, 9 letters are in landscape). Number of positions (for 7 letter or more, might want more than 10 positions), etc - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add ability to manage games in the options\
\cf0     \cf2 // adding a little switch button in top right corner(possibly) to switch between  or 3 letters, or 7 letters QXJZ, etc JZQX JXQZ JQXZ\
\cf0     \cf2 // use Extensions to organize code better\
\cf0     \cf2 // Deal with app lifecycle - what if app goes to background, etc\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // Enlarge and raise tiles on long press\
\cf0     \cf2 // Finish adding OSPD5 words, get paper copy to check for sure which are in\
\cf0     \cf2 // Need to check a few questionable words\
\cf0     \cf2 // Possible, add option to pick dictionary.\
\cf0     \cf2 // If multiple dictionaries, make a new game for each dictionary.\
\cf0     \cf2 // Allow user to have multiple games, and to name their games.\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add more dictionaries, including one that removes offensive words. Use as default?\
\cf0     \cf2 // Show definitions only when word has been found\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // add unit tests - Started\
\cf0     \cf2 // Help/tutorial\
\cf0     \cf2 // ghosted arrows to show you can scroll on right side. Maybe\
\cf0     \cf2 // they show up when touching the side area?\
\cf0     \cf2 // Figure out where to add 2 letter word games, and other games\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add Game center and leaderboards. \
\cf0     \cf2 // Challenges: Play all words once (missed or not). Find all words once. etc. Find all permutations of E, R, A. of T, E, A. Find all the Q words. All the Z words. All the X words.\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // if possible, vary the snap back angle/direction\
\cf0     \cf2 // clean up UIDynamics code (some is not being used)\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // Make format of progress view finished and nicer (what to do with empty columns) - Better - Empties handled\
\
	// In progress view, make the Done button bigger, and at the bottom right (for each of reach one handed)?\
\
\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // Word definitions: find a better picture source.\
\cf0     \cf2 // Cache visual dictionary (download in background after word list is generated)\
\cf0     \cf2 // Consider eliminating the visual dictionary until v. 1.1\
\cf0     \cf2 // In definition pop-up, make sure it only takes one tap, or preferably, a roll-over. And make the arrow that points to the word be the same color as the rest of the pop-up. (currently white)\
\cf0     \cf2 // Upgrade to Xcode 8 and test with iOS10\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // Possible: refactor to MVVM\
\cf0     \cf2 // Need app icons\
\cf0     \cf2 // Change name to "AA to ZZZ" or "AAS to ZZZ"?\
	// Changed to "Aa to Zzz" -- add anagram to name? or 'word game' or ?\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // replace options with help/options(?)\
\cf0     \cf2 // fix Error warning\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add better error handling\
\cf0     \cf2 // Fix infoViewController warning\
\
	// Consider level by difficulty of dictionary -- eg -- kids, common words, adult (potentially offensive words)\
\
	// additional stats: number of turns played. averages (of what?)\
	// include key of color codes in help section\
	// possibly add a help button somewhere at top, leaving a toolbar icon for settings/option/choosing which game and dictionary. Or, vice-versa.\
	// Consider removing all offensive words for initial version.\
\
\cf0    \cf2 \
\cf0     \cf2 // Note: in Progress view, the numbers in ProgressInfoVC (above) don't include Words that have been created, but not yet tallied. So the number of words played is a turn behind the level bar graphs (below). Make consistent?\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // Format level in Progress info to show fractions instead of decimals\
\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add a gradient line separating Progress Info from graph. Try adding a horizontal gradient below the title 'Progress', and another somewhere at the bottom\
\cf0     \cf2 // Think of a way to add motivation to keep playing with such a large jump between levels\
\
	// Add a contact for players to contact me with any issues\
\
	// use instruments, check for memory leaks \
	// add to data model, which is the current game for *each* possible type of game. So the game type can be selected, and it goes immediately to whichever is the current (if more than one), and creates a new one is there is none. Note that 2 and 3 letter would be portrait, and others would be landscape.\
// Splash screen/home page/contact info page: review other games and see how best to organize this. Can there be a link to the home page on the toolbar, and from there, you can go to options/settings, or help/tutorial? (and eventually, being able to save multiple games and use different dictionaries.)\
\
// cache images (or remove visual dictionary altogether)\
\
// Add lexicontext framework?\
\
// Make the font color in the list match better with the tile font\
\
// Modernize the look -- maybe flatter, without textures\
\
// Need a 1024x1024 app icon. Redesign app icon.\
// Try something like:\
AA\
TO\
ZZZ\
\
// Make the home icon look more like a house, rather then a schoolhouse\
// (fewer windows, one story, etc.)\
\
// Tutorial that runs and animates, with overlay explanations\
\
// Move most of the stats to leaderboards, with a fall-back in case only local data is available.\
\
// Learn about snapshots in state restoration, and install and use apple's restoration tools.\
\
// tag words as common or not. Achievements or levels for finding all the common words\
\
// how to deal with levels jumping e.g. from 11.9, then to 12.9, due to all the words above the level that have already been found, being added to the level?\
\
// When showing leaderboards, add a conditional -- if GameCenter not available, show local stats instead\
\
// Move display of some of the stats to the leaderboards: percentage, turns played, number of words played?, num words found? and eliminate some of these from the progress view to simplify it. Consider a separate stats button to display this extra info\
\
// Don't allow words to go below a level that's been completed\
// Add a leaderboard for # of times the jumble button has been used (curious to track how much that feature is used)\
// Refine the app icon. Text needs to be darker. Make the various size versions.\
// Things to cover in tutorial:\
// tap or drag\
// new list\
// jumble\
// progress\
// levels\
\
// FEATURES FOR V. 1.1\
	// fun animations as 'rewards' for levels and achievements\
	// Make a 4 letter version that uses just 6 tiles -- do the math -- 300 possible combinations? Can use Lexicontext for dictionary\
	// Animate the tiles over to the word list when a word is found. Possibly, then, instead of also returning the tile to below, have them sort of regenerate from within the positions below. Could be part of the same animation: first they shrink, optionally change color, and move over to the word list, disappearing into the word list. Then the same tiles could reappear within the lower positions. It would make sense to have found word tiles move to the word list, instead of returning directly to the lower positions. Helps distinguish between returning because they are returning, or because they are part of a found word.\
	// badges for achievements and advancing to higher levels (could be a badge in the colors of that level coordinated with the stripes/colors of the words in the word list)\
	// Add the ability to save and choose from games, organized in sections by type of game (JQXZ, 2, 3, or 7 letter, etc). Somewhere, should be able to go to the current game of a specific type.\
	// Storyboard specific for iPads\
\cf0     \cf2 // If possible, add a mini progress viewer that appears on the main page (v 1.1?)\
\cf0     \cf2 // Ad integration?\
	// Swype style letter selection (in v 1.1)\
	// add sound fx (consider adding in initial version)\
	// add lexicontext (?) to dictionary?\
	// Jumble is affected by the gyroscope/orientation of the device\
\
	// (?) Replace options button with Home button. On home page, we'd have options, help, tutorial, contact and 'leave feedback' 'info', explanation of how the game works, a key to the color coding, etc. Access leaderboards from there? Badges? A Play button to start the game? And eventually, a way to change dictionary and or start a new game (that would be under Options). Possibly links to the other future games like 2 letter.\
// Sketch out ideas for the Home page.\
// Make Splash screen with just the name of this game.\
// Consider generalizing the name of this game so that it encompasses all the future games (7 - letter, JQXZ, etc)\
// Possibly, just wait for the this over arching game until a business account is set up. Some of the games could be in-app purchases.\
\
\
\
//FINISHED\
	// Calculate level after every list, and send details to game center for leaderboards. -Done\
	// replace "Words not yet played" with "Unplayed" -Done\
	// Replace the J and possibly the K in GillSans with something else - not rendering correctly. Possibly replace with a customized version of the J if possible. -Done, by replacing font with EuphemiaUCAS-Bold\
	// Make the letters on the tiles larger. They are currently much smaller than they need to be. -Done\
	// Give tiles a nice custom font with an outline -Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Fix bug that prevents tiles from enlarging and raising when dragged (used to work) -Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // When tiles are jumbled, enlarge them to varying degrees to add the illusion that some are closer -Done\
	// for model.getWordsForLetters, add unit test to check that a 6 letter string is returned -Done\
	// Vary the vertical position of the tiles and arrow and word progress view, etc., by device, so that it is still low on 6 and 6plus, but not cut off on iPhone4s or iPad -Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Using Model Versioning and Migration for core data -Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // words in found word list -- determine # of outline rings -- also for bar graphs -DONE\
\cf0     \cf2 // when tapping 2 letters, sometimes the 2nd one, instead of going to the upper positions, goes to an open lower position. So need to prioritize upper position -FIXED\
\cf0     \cf2 // Update stats icon to be vertical instead of horizontal -Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // swap position of help/options icon with Fill in the Blanks icon - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Check -- are word levels updating correctly?\
\cf0     \cf2 // Tiles that snap back after jumble are off by a small amount - Fixed!\
\cf0     \cf2 // Some words are grayed out, but are still in the list and findable - Fixed\
\cf0     \cf2 // Also, when fill in the blanks is used, check that those words are counted as missed words - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Once a level has been reached, prevent words from going below that level - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add a speed thru feature for testing - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add a 100x speed thru lists feature for testing - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Tapping on tiles, sometimes they get moved in the wrong sequence -- frustrating -- Fixed!\
\cf0     \cf2 // (Need to make sure the first one is moved before the 2nd, etc)\
\cf0     \cf2 // Tiles sometimes get stuck at an angle -Fixed i think, needs verification\
\cf0     \cf2 // fix autolayout bug with Progress View -Fixed\
\cf0     \cf2 // Separate out parts of the main storyboard to their own storyboard, to mitigate the super slow down of working with the main.storyboard file - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add more or less level columns as # of levels being used goes up, & account for different device sizes-Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // after swapTiles, make sure the context is saved before using findVacancy again. Completion handler? Delay? Notification? Add a delay every time, but later replace with a test for the flag first, so the delay doesn't run every single time -Fixed\
	// In Progress view, get rid of the delay in the bars being displayed. - Fixed\
\cf0     \cf2 // Calculate # of level bars for the device size - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Add Level (figured to tenths place, to Progress info - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // and make percentage work - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Move number of Words to left side of graph and possibly turn sideways - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Don't show lowest empty level bars if the number of bars that fit is less than the number of bars.-Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Make height of level bars adjust for device size - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // Center Number of Words label vertically, per device size. - Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // After Fill in Blanks, show "Start New List?" with appropriate message. -Done\
\cf0     \cf2 // After Fill in Blanks, need to not allow words to be found again. -Done}